# Story
Deep in an unknown cave, four swords radiate an intense glow. As the light forms into a pillar, a single being emerges from it, walking through with the glow of the blades fading and focusing into his back as they dimmed. It's skin cracked and burned, falling away like sheets of paper.
   He fell to his knees, and collapsed into ashes as the swords vanished, and no one on the planet was any the wiser. That being was lost to time, and his swords were found time and time again throughout history, eventually becoming lost as well.

 As the usual life carries throughout the universe, some beings begin to find that there are certain entities beyond mortal limitations, some even became agents of these beings, while others became food. These were the Elders, the gods of the myriad of worlds. Their intentions were unknown, though most held clear contempt for the mortal races despite the worship they gave to the gods.

   There are tales of how these gods walked among the mortals in old glyphs and storybooks, yet none have been seen by any significant numbers for millennia, leaving the new generations to believe they never existed in the first place. But for the descendents of those who knew for certain of their existence, their knowledge was a curse. Who would believe them? So instead they held to these words: "In every story, there is a grain of truth." Those who spoke further were called mad, yet those who were unaware were found unprepared when face to face with any extraordinary being, often having fatal consequences. All that remains of the ancient race are a handful of the original Elders, a few of their children, and the various leygates that havent been reclaimed by nature or destroyed.
